What chemical element gives the blood of a lobster a bluish tint?
Which snake who's untreated bite is almost 100 percent fatal is the world's fastest snake on land?
The llama is a domesticated camelid that is native to which continent?
What is the common term for bovine spongiform encephalopathy, a disease that causes degeneration of the brain and spinal cord in cattle?
What is the largest species of terrestrial crab in the world?
Which of the traditional five senses are dolphins believed not to possess?
The longest snake ever held in captivity belongs to what species?
What is the sleepiest animal in the world, sleeping around 22 hours each day?
Natural pearls are found in what sea creature?
What is the fastest fish in the Ocean?
What does the acronym USB stand for when referring to a computer port?
When referring to a computer monitor, what does the acronym LCD stand for?
In 1975 an engineer created the first electronic camera while working for what company?
The Great Red Spot is a gigantic storm located on which planet in our solar system?
Which planet in our solar system has an axis that is titled by 98 degrees?
Titan, Enceladus, Mimas & Iapetus are just some of the moons orbiting which planet?
What is the name of the phenomenon when the magnetosphere in the Northern Hemisphere is disturbed by the solar wind resulting in a natural light display?
Which is the most abundant metal in the earth's crust?
What is the largest 3-digit prime number?
Which American inventor is generally given credit for the invention of the lightning rod?
The Van Gogh museum is located in what European capital city?
Which artist created the sculpture "The Thinker"?
What Byzantine city was renamed Istanbul after being captured by the Ottoman Empire?
Marie Antoinette was born an Archduchess of what country?
Burkina Faso is a landlocked country located on which continent?
The Principality of Monaco is a sovereign city-state bordered on three sides by which country?
Traditionally, the term "caviar" refers to the salt-cured roe of which fish?
Mexican tortillas were originally made from the grain of which plant?
In what year did the Houston Texans join the NFL (number)?
Who was the vice president that served under President Barack Obama?