What is the name of an adult female horse?
How many pairs of wings does a bee have (answer in word)?
Bees are found on every continent of earth except for one, which is it?
What is the name of the phobia that involves an abnormal fear of spiders?
A panda's daily diet consists almost entirely of what plant?
The Chihuahua is a breed of dog believed to originate from what country?
Polar bears feed mainly on what animal?
Which bug has the most legs?
What is the name for the offspring of a male donkey and a female horse?
What was the name of the gorilla that was shot and killed at the Cincinnati zoo in 2016 after a three-year old boy fell into the enclosure?
In a photo editing program, what colors do the letters RGB stand for (answer as three separate words)?
SpaceX was founded by what South African-born inventor?
Approximately 2% of all people have what eye color?
What is the name for a protein that acts as a biological catalyst?
In fluid dynamics, what is the term for the highest attainable speed an object can reach as it falls?
What does the acronym "LOL" stand for when used in phone texts and on the internet?
How many pairs of chromosomes are in found in the average human (answer as integer)?
Who came up with the theories of General and Special relativity?
In humans, what is the only internal organ capable of regenerating lost tissue?
The reaction where two atoms of hydrogen combine to form an atom of helium is called what?
Which Scandinavian nation lies between Norway and Finland?
What is the acronym for the intergovernmental military alliance based on the North Atlantic Treaty, signed in 1949?
Chile shares the majority of its border with which other South American country?
Who won the nomination of the Democratic Party to run for president in 2016?
What is the most common type of pitch thrown by pitchers in baseball?
Champagne is a sparkling wine made from grapes grown in the Champagne region of which country?
In which country did cheddar cheese originate?
Bobby Fischer is considered by many to be the greatest player of all time in which game?
Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay opened his first restaurant in what city?
What is the main ingredient in thousand island dressing?